displayMyOrdersButton & displayUpdateOrderButton & displayCancelOrderButton props (#128)
vtex-apps/order-placed: docs/README.md

| Prop name   | Type      | Description                                         | Default value |
| ----------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `fullWidth` | `boolean` | Make the options wrapper take full horizontal space | `false`       |

> | `displayMyOrdersButton` | `boolean` | Hide or show "My Orders" button | `true`       |
> | `displayUpdateOrderButton` | `boolean` | Hide or show "Update order" button | `true`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `displayMyOrdersButton` | `boolean` | Whether the `My Orders` button should be displayed (`true`) or not (`false`). | `true`       |
| `displayUpdateOrderButton` | `boolean` | Whether the `Update order` button should be displayed (`true`) or not (`false`). | `true`       |
```
